---
layout: post
title: "Version 0.3 released"
author: Oliver Roick
author_link: "https://twitter.com/oliverroick"
date: 2015-02-06 10:00:00
categories: news
---

We are happy to announce the first release of 2015 today. We fixed a long list of bugs and introduced new features.

- We upgraded GeoKey to Django 1.7. This improves performance, stability and security. Unfortunately, the update is not straightforward, but we've have compiled all necessary information in this post.
- Along with the major update, we had to switch our OAuth library to [oauth-toolkit](https://github.com/evonove/django-oauth-toolkit). This, unfortunately requires to register your application again to obtain a new Client ID and Client Secret.
- We have build the foundation to easily add functionality to GeoKey using custom extensions. We will explain in a different post how to create and register extensions with GeoKey.
- Super users of the system are now able to add and remove more super users as well as manage all projects in GeoKey.
- Two new data types were added for category fields: Date and Time.
- A new API endpoint (`/api/user/`) has been implemented to [register users](/docs/user-register.html) and to [get](/docs/user-get-info.html) and [update](/docs/user-update.html) their information.
- In public projects you will now be able restrict contributions to all users, that have authenticated with the system.

### How to update

As mentioned before, updating requires a bit of work this time. But we have compiled all necessary information here. Don't forget to backup your database before you start.

First update the dependencies:

```
sudo pip install -U -r requirements.txt
```

Django 1.7.x does not require South for database migrations any longer. Therefore, we need to migrate the database to Django's native migrations.

```
python manage.py migrate
```

You will receive error messages when migrating. Therefore, you need to run the following commands in the correct order.

```
python manage.py migrate categories 0002_auto_20150106_1338 --fake
python manage.py migrate
python manage.py migrate contributions 0002_auto_20150106_1338 --fake
pythonmanage.py migrate
python manage.py migrate datagroupings --fake
python manage.py migrate
python manage.py migrate easy_thumbnails --fake
pythonmanage.py migrate
python manage.py migrate projects 0002_auto_20150106_1338 --fake
python manage.py migrate
```

Add `extentsions` and `superusertools` to installed apps in `core/settings/project.py`:

```
INSTALLED_APPS += (
    ...
    'superusertools',
    'extensions'
    )
```

Finally, copy the extension urls file. This file is required to register API endpoints of extensions, you might want to install later.

```
cp core/url/extensions.sample.py core/url/extension.py
```

That's it. You should be able to use GeoKey 0.3 now.
