---
layout: post
title:  "Version 0.6 released"
author: Oliver Roick
author_link: "https://twitter.com/oliverroick"
date:   2015-07-27 14:00:00
categories: news
---

We are happy to announce GeoKey 0.6 today. For this release, we mainly focussed on simplifying GeoKey's functionality both for project administrators and developers using our API.

- We got rid of data groupings, because this was the feature that added the most complexity to our admin interfaces, data access and the API. We replace it with something much simpler: For each user group, you can now define which data its members can access.

    As a result we also simplified the API. Instead of three different resources for each contribution, there is now one.

    You can access all contributions in a project via

    ```
    GET /api/project/:project_id/contributions/
    ```

    and a single contribution via:

    ```
    GET /api/project/:project_id/contributions/contribution_id/
    ```

- We will soon release a new extension to export data to various formats, such as KML, CSV or GML. That will enable you to take data from to analyse and visualise it using your tools of choice. Export to different data formats required some some internal changes to the code base, which do not affect the API works.

- It is now possible to disable the upload of videos. In the settings, set the new flag `ENABLE_VIDEO = false` or `ENABLE_VIDEO = True` if you want to disable or enable video uploads.

### How to update

To update follow the [update instructions](/help/how-to-update.html).

In addition, you have to install GDAL on your machine:

```
sudo apt-get install binutils libproj-dev gdal-bin python-gdal
```

### What's next

We started [laying out plans for a full 1.0 release](https://github.com/ExCiteS/geokey/issues/267), which we expect to have ready later this year. We won't add to many new features and focus on improving and simplfying GeoKey instead.
