---
layout: post
title:  "GeoKey Code Sprint"
author: Oliver Roick
author_link: "https://twitter.com/oliverroick"
date:   2014-10-31 10:00:00
categories: news
---

Following our [initial release](2014-01-31-official-release.html), we're happy to announce the first GeoKey Code Sprint coming up at the end of November in London. Join us for a day of fiddling around with GeoKey and working on exiting new features for the platform.

### Where and when

- University College London, Pearson Building, Gower St., London WC1E 6BT
- 29th November 2014, 9a.m. to 5p.m.

### What to bring

- Your laptop. That's it.

### What to work on

- **Integration with Twitter:** [Twitter](https//twitter.com) is a widely used way to share information about your current whereabouts. We want to enable GeoKey to read and post data from and to Twitter. Using a special Twitter handle for each participatory mapping project, Twitter users should be able to tweet their experiences to GeoKey. Vice versa, GeoKey should be able to tweet a link to one of their contributions.
- **Data import and export:** Means to import and export data set from and to various widely used data formats is a crucial factor for the success of open data projects. GeoKey should be able to import and export data into CSV, KML, XML or similar.
- **Activity Feeds:** Contributors, moderators and project administrators want to know what happend in their projects recently. Let's provide them with an overview of everything that happend since their last login: New contributions, dicussions and uploaded media.
